
# + Hassan Anwar

I received my Master's degree in Electronic Engineering from Mohammad
Ali Jinnah University, Pakistan in 2013, the Bachelor's degree in
Electronic Engineering from *Mohammad Ali Jinnah University*
(Islamabad, Pakistan) in 2008. Currently, I am a Ph.D. student in
Computer Engineering at *École Polytechnique de Montréal* (Montréal,
QC, Canada). My research interests include cache design, hardware
implementation of probabilistic systems and FPGA implementation of
neural networks.

In addition to my studies, I play table tennis, I am fond of
travelling and I have too much interest in international politics.  

## + Current Projects

- My doctoral research is focused on **Probabilistic computer architecture on FPGA**:

In this project, we introduce randomization in the timing behavior of
all hardware components to make the system more predictable: if the
stochastic behavior of the system is known, meaningful predictions can
be made using arbitrarily-specified confidence intervals. In this
context, real-time systems need a new approach for the design of their
computer architecture. In this work, we propose the development of a
fully stochastic computer, which has the potential to enable true
randomized behavior in of its components.The hardware implementation
of a stochastic processor will be the main goal. We will develop the
hardware architecture for a stochastic processor which leads towards
the development of the instruction processor design and memory
interface and try to establish, improve techniques to cumbersome
timing issues by not only improve the results of the older techniques
but also propose our own novel ideas and techniques for probabilistic
computer architecture.
 

## + Scholarship and Awards

- In 2013, I had received a Master Thesis scholarship from University
  of Turku, Finland to do my master thesis. I also served there as a
  research assitant.

- I was also a recipient of the *Faculty Scholarship* for my Master's
  (2011- 2013).

- During my bachelor's university gave me number of financial
  assistantships and need based scholarships.


## + Selected Publications

*H. Anwar*, M. Daneshtalab, M. Ebrahimi, J. Plosila, H. Tenhunen,
 *FPGA Implementation of AES-based Crypto Processor,* in Proceedings
 of 20th IEEE International Conference on Electronics, Circuits, and
 Systems (ICECS), pp. , 2013, UAE.

*H. Anwar*, M. Daneshtalab, M. Ebrahimi, M. Ramírez, J. Plosila,
 H. Tenhunen, *Integration of AES on Heterogeneous Many-Core system,*
 in Proceedings of 22th IEEE Euromicro Conference on Parallel,
 Distributed and Network-Based Computing (PDP), pp. 424-427, 2014,
 Italy.

*H. Anwar*, S. Jafri, S. Dytckov, M. Daneshtalab, M. Ebrahimi,
 A. Hemani, J. Plosila,G. Beltrame, H. Tenhunen, *Exploring Spiking
 Neural Network on Coarse-Grain Reconfigurable Architectures,* in 2nd
 workshop on Many-core Embedded system (MES-2014),co-located with
 (ISCA-2014), pp. , 2014, USA.

## + Contact Information and Links

- Contact me by email: **hassanbinanwar {at} gmail{dot} com**
			**hassan {dot} anwar {at} polymtl {dot} ca**
- Or find me on  [GoogleScholar][1], [Facebook][2].


[1]:http://scholar.google.ca/citations?user=O5lm_mcAAAAJ&hl=en
[2]:https://www.facebook.com/hassan.anwar.3158



